Enable cargo-spellcheck for blockchain/consensus (#1723)
ChainSafe/forest: blockchain/consensus/README.md

This folder contains consensus types we can use with [Hierarchical Consensus]:
* [Filecoin Consensus](./fil_cns) is the default consensus for the root net.

> * [Delegated Consensus](./deleg_cns) is a simplistic consensus for testing `subnet`s, where only one miner can propose blocks in the network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Delegated Consensus](./deleg_cns) is a simplistic consensus for testing networks, where only one miner can propose blocks in the network.
```
